README.md, before:

# capo-image-elements

This repository contains `diskimage-builder` elements for building images for
Cluster API provider for OpenStack.

These images take a different approach than the upstream
[image-builder](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/image-builder)
project in that they are built using `diskimage-builder` and not Packer.

These images were primarily built to be consumed by the
[Cluster API driver for Magnum](https://github.com/vexxhost/magnum-cluster-api),
however, they will likely generate `qcow2` images that should work directly
with the Cluster API provider for OpenStack.

## Building the images

To build the images, you will need to have `diskimage-builder` installed. You
can install it using pip:

```shell
pip install diskimage-builder
```

Once you have `diskimage-builder` installed, you can build the images by
exporting the `ELEMENTS_PATH` and running the following command:

```shell
export ELEMENTS_PATH=$PWD/elements
export DIB_RELEASE=jammy
export DIB_KUBERNETES_VERSION=1.27.15
disk-image-create vm ubuntu kubernetes
```

You can add any other elements that you require for your image by adding them
to the command.

Commit message:

document automatic updates
Signed-off-by: Mohammed Naser <mnaser@vexxhost.com>

README.md, after:

# capo-image-elements

This repository contains `diskimage-builder` elements for building images for
Cluster API provider for OpenStack.

These images take a different approach than the upstream
[image-builder](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/image-builder)
project in that they are built using `diskimage-builder` and not Packer.

These images were primarily built to be consumed by the
[Cluster API driver for Magnum](https://github.com/vexxhost/magnum-cluster-api),
however, they will likely generate `qcow2` images that should work directly
with the Cluster API provider for OpenStack.

## Releases

### Automatic updates

This repository runs nightly updates to grab the latest maintained Kubernetes versions
and creates a pull request to update the versions in the CI workflow.

## Building the images

To build the images, you will need to have `diskimage-builder` installed. You
can install it using pip:

```shell
pip install diskimage-builder
```

Once you have `diskimage-builder` installed, you can build the images by
exporting the `ELEMENTS_PATH` and running the following command:

```shell
export ELEMENTS_PATH=$PWD/elements
export DIB_RELEASE=jammy
export DIB_KUBERNETES_VERSION=1.27.15
disk-image-create vm ubuntu kubernetes
```

You can add any other elements that you require for your image by adding them
to the command.
